[ADD] CRM: Membership/Partnership module page (#15319)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/optimize/member_partner_module.rst

Beginning with 19.0, the **Membership** app has been replaced by the Membership / Partnership
module. This module captures all of the functionality of the **Membership** app, but in a module
that is better integrated with other essential apps without requiring a specific **Accounting**
module. This replacement does not break any existing membership information when upgrading to 19.0.

App integrations with the Membership / Partnership module
=========================================================

Once activated, the Membership / Partnership module is fully integrated with both the **Sales** and
**Subscriptions** apps. The module is also compatible with the **eCommerce** app, allowing customers
to purchase memberships through business's websites.

Finally, the Membership / Partnership module is compatible with pricelists both before and after
sales. Price rules can be set before memberships are sold and applied after they are active.

Activating the new module
=========================

The Memberships / Partnerships module can be activated within the **CRM** app. To activate the
Memberships / Partnerships module, open the **CRM** app, then navigate to

> :menuselection:`Configuration --> Settings`. In the **CRM** section of the Settings screen, check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memberships / Partnerships module, go to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration --> Settings`. In the :guilabel:`CRM` section, check
```
